Update install.md to ensure Spin is copied to correct path (#639)
fermyon/developer: content/spin/install.md

```bash
$ sudo mv spin /usr/local/bin/
```

> > **Hint:** If you already have Spin installed (i.e. via cargo) you can use `which spin` to check which folder to add the binary to. For example if `which spin` returns `/home/user/.cargo/bin` then you would `sudo mv spin /home/user/.cargo/bin` instead of the `/usr/local/bin` example above. Note: You can use `spin --version` to confirm the version.

Reviewer: That directory belongs to Cargo; it would be preferable to discourage users from messing with it. 
 What about instead something like:

```suggestion
> If you have already installed Spin by building from source, and then install it via the installer, we recommend you remove the older source install by running `cargo uninstall spin-cli`  Otherwise the Cargo path may take precedence over the "install from binary" path, and commands may get the "wrong" version of Spin. Use `spin --version` to confirm the version on the PATH is the one you intend, or `which spin` to confirm the path it is found on.
```

```bash
$ sudo mv spin /usr/local/bin/
```

> > **Hint:** If you already have Spin installed (i.e. via cargo) you can use `which spin` to check which folder to add the binary to. For example if `which spin` returns `/home/user/.cargo/bin` then you would `sudo mv spin /home/user/.cargo/bin` instead of the `/usr/local/bin` example above. Note: You can use `spin --version` to confirm the version.

Reviewer: Same comment and suggestion.

Author: Thanks!

> > **Hint:** If you already have Spin installed (i.e. via cargo) you can use `which spin` to check which folder to add the binary to. For example if `which spin` returns `/home/user/.cargo/bin` then you would `sudo mv spin /home/user/.cargo/bin` instead of the `/usr/local/bin` example above. Note: You can use `spin --version` to confirm the version.

Author: ```suggestion
> If you have already installed Spin by building from source, and then install it via the installer, we recommend you remove the older source install by running `cargo uninstall spin-cli`  Otherwise the Cargo path may take precedence over the "install from binary" path, and commands may get the "wrong" version of Spin. Use `spin --version` to confirm the version on the PATH is the one you intend, or `which spin` to confirm the path it is found on.
```
